 pattern printing problems for loops...

 linear search....circular array also

 palindrome and others numbers(perfect , armstrong..) for hashing,etc.

 prefix sum problems, both 1d and 2d

 slinding window technique...
 
 
 
 Binary search .....
 
 Gcd of two nubers in Log N
 
 Linear Diphanitne equation
 
 checking primes and sieve of erathores , segmented sieve , 
 prime factorisation of number in Log N per query.

 Euler Totient Fuction
 
 Fermetts little theorm
  
 Wilson theorm
 
 
 Finding X^n in Log n
 modular Arithmetic 
 Modular Inverse  of a number
 Modular Exponentiation 
 chinese Remainder Theorm
 Factorial Modulo mod
 Finding nCr and NPr for Queries
 Inclusion Exclusion Principle
 
 Learn Basic sorting Algorithms
     which are constructive and swapping terms in it.
  2 pointer approach
  read about Bit Manipulation all
  how to find powerset using string
 number of subarrays with Xor as Zero (not an algorithm but must do)
 
 Problems Releated to Greedy Algorithms tag
 Kadane's Algorihtm and problems releated to them 
 job sequencing and Activity selection problem

 basic recursion like finding factorial 
  implement Binary search
  implement Modular Exponentiation
  Solve recursion Problems like finding subset with given sum and others to get a strong grip
   
  Learn about merge sort and quick sort 
    solve problems releated to Merge sort (count inversion using merge sort )
    
 Backtracking problems like sudoko and N queen , 
  it will help you when you do DP path problems
   
Meet in the middle algorithms and problems
 
Divide and conquer problems (Hacker earth)

Next Greater Element / Next smaller Element using stack 
Problems related to parenthesis .
 
Largest rectangular area in Histogram(concept used in lot of problems.)

problems releated to Heap (Priority queue).


-----------------------------
String Algorithms(cp algorithms & blogs)
========
 Hashing on strings and solve problems, understand when collisions happens.
 Rabin Karp algo
 Prefix function 
 KMP algorithm
 Z-function
 Manacher's Algorithm
 Once you have wrapped up the above algorithms , solve a bunch of problems.
 
Tree/Graph representation (Spoj)
 BFS/DFS traversal in Graph/Tree
 Diameter ,height , level of tree
 Euler tour of tree
 Finding LCA using Euler Tour 
 Finding LCA using Binary Lifting 
 Distance between two nodes
 subtree Problems
 Solve problems on the above algos

 Connected components 
 Topological sort 
 cycle detection in Graph
 Bipartite Check in Graph
 Scc using kasaraju's Algo
 Dijikstra's Algorithms
 Bellman ford Algorithms
 Floyd Warshal Algorithms
 solve problems on the above
 
 Bridges in Graph 
 Articulation point in Graph
 minimum spanning tree using kruskal's also
 prim's Algorithms
 0/1 BFS 
 Finding Bridges online
 
----------------------------------
 if you are startin with Dyanamic Programming , don't even
 try to write iterartive DP when you start off with . Start 
 with recursion and then try to memoize solution.
  
   . strong recursion before starting with DP.
   .understand what is memoizatioin (gfg artical and video series of DP).
  .initially solve all common existion DP problem like LCS, knapsak, etc to 
    get idea about how DP works .
   .Solve the Atcoder Education Contest on Dynamic Programming.(26 problems)
    .solve problems form different platforms (specifically SPOJ)
    .then codeforces blog and wonderful problems(Dyanamic programming practice problem codeforces).
     solve problems on above.
----------------------------------
 learn about Digit dyanamic prgrammng(CF blog)
 solve a bunch of problems on it.
 Read about DP  with Bitmasks and solve problems(Heacker earth Blog).
 DP on trees(Articles on dp on tree GFG and rachit jain 3 videos).
 SOS DP (CF blog)
 DP is all about solving problems 

 ------------------
 Disjoint set(using all optimisations)
 offline queries using Disjoint set
 kruskal's algo using disjoint
 Problems on above
 
 Sparse Table (Not that much important)
 Fenwick Tree(Read about range update tricks also)
 Binary Lifting on Fenwick Tree
 Problems on Fenwick Tree(CF)

--------------------
Matrix Exponentiation (Problems)
 sqrt decomposition techique(GFG CP algo or CF Blog)
 update and query operations
 Mo's Algorithms(powerful array form CF)CF blog and 
 Segment Trees(Range Queries and point update )
 Lazy propagation trees

==========
Last two question of long challenge and codeforces A-E anyway rearly come.
  Sprague - Grundy Theorm (Gaurav sen)
  Flows and related Problems(Max and min flow cp algo)
  Heavy light Decomposition(path problem on tree and google at anudip for that).
  convex Hull Algorithms(meo's blog at cF)
  FFT/NTT

 besides learning algorithms constently participate contests
 solve from according to level and that the above rating on given day at codeforces
 alternate days solve algorithic problems.
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
  
  

 
   
  